[global]
monitor = 0
follow = mouse
origin = top-right
indicate_hidden = yes
shrink = no
separator_height = 4
separator_color = auto
padding = 20
horizontal_padding = 20
frame_width = 2
sort = no
idle_threshold = 120
font = Cozette 10.5
line_height = 5
markup = full
format =%s \n %b
alignment = left
show_age_threshold = 60
word_wrap = yes
ignore_newline = no
stack_duplicates = false
hide_duplicate_count = no
show_indicators = yes
icon_position = left
max_icon_size = 35
sticky_history = yes
history_length = 20
browser = x-www-browser -new-tab
always_run_script = true
title = Dunst
class = Dunst
mouse_right_click = do_action

[urgency_low]
timeout = 3
background = "#141212"
foreground = "#ebdbb2"
frame_color = "#9C9DA2"
icon = /home/anggiramadyansyah/.config/dunst/critical.png

[urgency_normal]
timeout = 5
background = "#141212"
foreground = "#ebdbb2"
frame_color = "#9C9DA2"
icon = /home/anggiramadyansyah/.config/dunst/normal.png

[urgency_critical]
timeout = 0
background = "#141212"
foreground = "#ebdbb2"
frame_color = "#9C9DA2"
icon = /home/anggiramadyansyah/.config/dunst/critical.png
